Meeting Title: Homelessness data infrastructure — syndromic surveillance, PIT count, and collection methods
Date: Jun 22
Meeting participants: Annie Lundgren

Transcript:
 
Leverage those relationships to be like, you're having an event. Do you mind if we show up to your event? Or you're saying a different sentence, like, hey, dude, we can't give you a cop, but we can give you a hot. Come out to this location, get a meal, answer some questions. That's why. So I run a meal for three and a half years at the library every Saturday. Yeah. Yeah. And if there's no help, then there's right and when they know that they can up every week and they're gonna eat no matter what, and they're they're respected, and they're not back. Space just asking My thinking is about finding people that are already engaged with that case. And at the board. Because if I would have showed up me guys. I'm section section. I can give you a meal. Come to don't tater. Don't want to do it because they know there's nothing in there. And they know the infra give you is going to be skewed, and it's going to be used how the city wants it to be disreverted. Yeah. Well, yeah. Totally. You wanna talk about how to be appropriate to Yeah. That actually does, like, highlight why we want do this piece really show what is the actual burden of this We're gonna be denying, not actually meeting people where they're at. For tongue in. I'm gonna establish around zero. Work from one four. Actually thinking about this problem. And then two Because especially COVID. Public health didn't look superb coming out of that. It's been on kind of a uphill battle. Somewhere or other through cover. Yeah. So we see a zeroing now, a place where we call them. Place where the can be at least a little bit. And try to get Is this parallel or is it something that's getting if whatever was built here had both tracts. The and then have other have about situation that you have going. Is the pit will be formed by this. Like, there's our baseline data. Pit will be or From there, we'll take it that information. From that community action. And then as of this program, hopefully, will run throughout the year, so we'll be able see the trends a change. And address them. The can you I don't know. business for sure. So I wonder there has to be have cell phone. That's what not going to be and be followed. And made an anonymous allotted by Where they can self work. Or they can anonymously add whatever. And and station, and nothing is not going No. There's a lot have because there is oversight, and there is nobody that you can tell. The response is going to be like, why are you having Right? So there has to be be that's you guys because I know the house, but there There has to be a way that some sort of agency where they can report their own information. Without the line Yeah. Do they have any anonymous reporting right now? Because some of those things exist. So I have heard about your I'm been able to look at it. So Maybe, like, in the schools, I think they have them. Is well in a larger population. It's a network, essentially, that's designed to it goes through humming and new culture. And and then so it feels like there's a lot of But okay. So but sensor network is the middle. The There's the there's the relationships that's being up to it. So you say sensor network just sort clearly human the or now. Ability to send distribution, whatever training etcetera. And then and then the sensing other side. Which should be knowledge. Right? Should be an ongoing thing. Instead because it's over time. So you care about a trend two parallel tracks there. Right? So the PIT is event driven around your federal requirement is annual. For that. Versus the syndromic surveillance is either day over day, week over week, month over month. Batch Yeah. Right? And then if I understand correctly, you take syndromic surveillance to create your baseline, and then that helps to establish the tapes. Around the PIT And then you could actually set up a cadence the PIT that's higher than the federal requirement. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. And, like, with this piece tool, allows me to do my job, and my job is to be the bridge for the data and Mhmm. So when I have this information, it's unbiased and that I trust it. I can go then to say, the county commissioner and actually support like middle like, this data, the last public health actually be, like this is why we need to do over doing. Those commissioners could use the dispute lines. There's only a thousand people, but, yeah, know. Done kiosks. Data collection. What do you mean by the because all the federal and state based grants that are for cell phone they're cheap cell phones. That actually have If cell phone is the city I'm not saying 50 can come to me. Don't even have to know your name. Phone. You pull up Yeah. Yeah. That's different than what I was saying. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Was that you've got on me. That's to they'll be like, sure. We'll get new immigrants. They did a program where, like, new immigrants come in. They give you phones, and then Right. Then I see where to pick you up to take UPS. That's what I can do. Everything put in their you. Yeah. And with the surveillance know. Where everyone So we can set those up. And just, like Right. Be able to meet the one of Wait. Can you can you talk more about the data now? Like, what you have access to already? What built out, what isn't? So right now, I'm working the query because the current query in Fucking nerd. Where is it all store now? Is it just, county data that's pulling from Yeah. So we server that's at OHA. So State of Oregon. This houses all of the data. And then have access to two Camry's Worth. With that, I can access demographic data, health data, sort of the data on top of that. Systems, tracking Pretty much what I hope over that are the demographic ones around age, generally tight ways. Location. Out of not, like, specific locations that could probably I'll pull all the z codes for whole bunch. Other aspects of what Or how's the situation situation with their own benefits so we can get better sense of what I have some other health data. I might just use broader categories of just, like, chronic Bye. Do you think that how what percentage of the household's population do you think is touched by that data over the course of a year? I would or a period of time. And And of the percentage that's not maybe part of that data, what what groups are missing, you think? As for How would you be able to answer that, though? Because you're only getting reports on what you're getting reports on. Right? Presumably, these other places that have done this would probably not have Have you have you looked also at arrest records Right? Like, there's there's a different way. I'm not saying this is, like, Yeah. I'm trying to say this against essence. Right? Not on point time side. Right? But against essence and if you look at say, that thing is that's harder to get. Yeah. Yeah. Or the way it's set up right now, so each jurisdiction has access to or protects their own datasets. And I'll tell you that Saturday. Data with public health. In any way. So it would be a lot of work. Trying to get that. I could probably get sleeves, but, again, I very not involved. The the nor can distribution, which might be a a a volunteer sign up essentially. If you could do a deep dive into a smaller population, extrapolate there. Yeah. Norcan is not, like candy to just about everybody who can. Like, that I gave up Narcan. So it doesn't every day. It it might not be exactly the unhomed population. No. And honestly That's true because of high school. Trying to get give out in our camp to I give you Narcan if I could. Like, out to everybody that, like, But but given that you're doing that so ubiquitously, if you had some numbers about where that is hitting the homeless population might you be able to extrapolate a little bit? Possible Little bit stabbing. Time. You know? This is statistics problem that is That's two. Two. That's a really big sample. Bias do come to that. Because, like, say, like, we need out bro. Not interesting I'll tell you a really My thirty three un and 33 permanently housed. I'm telling you right now, and how they But that a target range But the target, I think part of part of what they're trying to get at is and this is a different issue than what we're talking about, but something I'm personally very interested in. But for you, you have to have confidence in a quantitatively driven narrative. Where you have the utmost confidence. And so if we start to build certain assumptions to create a narrative around something that's very loose, to start we actually give weaponization to counter narratives is exactly what we're trying to disarm. Right. And so it comes back to that trust that Like, public health information is one of the most easily weaponized information. Like, whenever I make a graph, regardless of what's subject it about Yeah. I Shared by both sides. Yeah. My Can stepping back from all this, because the level of sense it one, I have the utmost respect for your professionals and how you're trying to purchase, and kudos and thank you for your service. There's a heightened level of scrutiny and sensitivity around the housing issue as a whole nationally. Like, it's become incredibly politicized in the last eight years. Actually, don't argue twelve. Under a certain and changing orientation. Political spectrum. And I'm curious if in addition to some of the things that we're talking about, is there value in discussing ways of creating counter narratives that are about depoliticizing this issue. And then the opportunity, what that is, That's a good question. Are We can't talk about It does change with Right. Right. So because what what ends up but it's also I guess what I'm trying to get at is there's two different points of engagement, though. Point of engagement is I'm a surveyor. In the field. And I have to have a moment of rapport the person to explain what we're doing. In the problem right now where I could actually create empathy, but I'm at this point, it's not being discussed Right. Is if I'm able to say, hey. I want you to know that I see you And, unfortunately, in the last six years of surveys that happened in our county, these numbers have been politicized. To create a narrative that doesn't wanna count Right. And I'm asking, if you will take minutes to speak with me about this. I'm telling you that the counters to that, though, is not saying we'll you speak to me for minutes? The counter to that is will you come speak to these point taken, or can be even flipped. I don't think you're wrong. Right. But it can be flipped of don't have to talk to me take two minutes, and fill out this phone. Right? Right. Right. So tracks. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So Yeah. But but but my point more so is and I've mentioned this to you before, Gwen, is, like, there is a think tank that's based out of Austin called the Cicero Institute. That is literally responsible for creating and amplifying this narrative against homelessness. Because they know it's a data driven issue, that the conservative parties have been able to leverage around broken window kind of concepts, right, for for for communities and safety And I think that there's a different driving forces behind, one, how the data gets framed in its collection, but then two, because of its framing in collection, the way residually that part of the narrative comes down like, with the data packet, So then when the commissioners do decide to speak to it, there's already a in attachment. It's like, hey. We know that you've tried to not you, but this data has been politicized in the past. This is why we're course correct. Yeah. Right? And I'm just wondering, you know, I know that that's a sensitive thing, but the reality is is we don't. If those conversations Yeah. Taken into account, we're like Yeah. We're pissing in the wind. I mean, this well. So I Mhmm. about whether you guys because you guys probably seen here what other are doing all of them. areas of what other counties you're doing, especially with software and hardware. We're such yeah. I mean, I is I got a focus on just kinda, like, the whole person, like, making it set about wholeness about just, like, general suck. And why Yeah. Time and and like, almost smaller county is really big. And when I go to Falls, honestly, to do syringe exchange is that there are few things. That come who are camping alpha road somewhere And do you have an extra copy of the paperwork? I'm just No. But I will also email Rob's Yeah. There's gonna be crewmates. They have motivations to out for a meal exchange. They have motivations come up push, walk in, to go find their cams over the So doing kiosks I would say probably doing a kiosk and untractable you know, with finding that incentive I haven't kind of met a question question here. Is anybody recording this? This? No. I kind of have it running over here. I don't know. Oh, you didn't ask my permission to do? Good. So we can put this in. In the cloud. Is it okay, though? I can get rid of it. We should have a standing follow it up. Enter Yeah. So there's there's well, you meant this is memory. I think I think the answer back you get around this by saying it's not surveillance, it's surveillance, by the way, but that's just the different conversations. But I think what you have to be thinking about is I don't think the kiosks a good idea. Because you end up having device management, vandalism, people janking shit for different purposes. But like, the app and you will change an app with right. What what I'm about to about to attack it in a different way, which is not having a person thing. But if you have a mobile application, that people are able to opt into in a different facet of you have events, you I think one of the problems like, the technology for gathering, no problem. Right? The bigger issue is actually the manpower that's around the devices that are gonna be responsible for. Facilitating it. The city is not gonna pay for devices to do this. What's already mandated is to do the Right. But it's mandated to do PIT, and the way that they do that is through volunteers. The city doesn't have the money to do that. Right? So what instead you have to do is we'd wanna have one campaign, possibly as one project. That's designed literally as a recruitment and sign up that are for volunteers. And those sign up and volunteers would sign up. They would go take, like, a a class, something that's around so that they check the boxes. And then they would have a mobile app And then that mobile app that's on their phone, they would go around, and then they would be the person that was facilitating. Right. So I'm just trying to say, like, having a static device that's in an area it is it's not gonna the cost benefit to that, I'm not sure if there's Yeah. No. Totally. I mean, If you're rallying needle, saying, prematurely commitment solutions until we fully understand. Scope. Yeah. And then and then of the nature of the texture of the problem. And these are all great. And, actually, when you guys are exploring it, helps, I think, to I just wanted to say that out loud because Mhmm. You know, I'm just trying to find things that So Yeah. The in New Mexico, did they were they just looking at the data that they'd been collecting? To do these this augmented count. And are you able to get anything from them? Yeah. I can do the reports, and I can send that over to you as well. Well. But not how they've done the data collection? I I ask I don't know. Could we start from some code that they did And then for us, are you looking at us to kinda recreate that And that would be one way to do it. And then, also, create some ways to do better collection. Yes. This Like, analog plus Yeah. So kinda like what you were saying before. So, like, before we get step one, collect it up new point in time, having a reliable trustworthy source, We need to know the situation to be able to get that money to do it. So the way to do that is through this. And what I guys first, I want you guys to, like with his medical data, there's a lot of repeat So I need help being able to not duplicate people. Multiple times. Sometimes I need to like, for me, I have to dig through, like, the notes. Or, like try to match the case as best I can. Inverbic science. Inverbic science. So I need help creating that simplify it and creating a that only tells people's one much as we can. That's humanly possible. And so so a D duper. Yeah. A D Duper. And then so that synthesizes all those kind of abstract ideas into one narrative. Yeah. Okay. So it kinda sounds like what you're asking for is you got CRM? I don't know what it is, but It's like like big companies use Color Plus relations manager. Okay. And it just, like, aggregates like, people and uses, like, identify your client and then has a whole history on them and Yes. And then do you want, like, another part of it that takes some other data and then normalizes it and matches it to your But you're not gonna have a persistent identifier that comes off of this data, right? Like, even if it's de identified, is there a persistent ID that there is? Yes. I would and we can't we would identify a person in that system. System. Like, we will have some identifiers that will help us match that person. We'll get an ID number Right. That number will be linked to any other case. That comes up. For that SNC. Mhmm. But it won't always be reliable. Like, sometimes there'll be orphans, but in the data Sometimes there are gonna be hustle cases where I get zero data. Like, those would be, like white man came in. Like Magneap. Yeah. I mean, I get I know him. But it's another part where, yeah, I can help I know you know, it's like John Williams, you know, case five. Like and then you get a Johnny Williams on the other side of town. Right. And then I can say, like, hey. There's a confidence report here. Think town. Right. Same. Sorry. Alright. So clawding as we're talking And are you involved in the continual care accounts? So that is the group that currently does the test. Okay. They are in this It's hard to Okay. Okay. Yeah. So they do apparently, they do people counted us on housed at throughout a year. Right. And they're getting number that's 12 times higher. Are they they're not local here. This is a different Maybe it is different. This is a different Jackson County Continuum of Care. Interesting. Can It Florida? Saw it. Is it in Florida? Yeah. It's What state? Alright. I've hit that. I'm in Florida. Hit the YMCA in two. Are are y'all using the sorry. Go ahead. Do we have the date set for this, or is it yet to be determined? 07/17/1819. No. Not for the code a thon, but for the actual account. Okay. It's always done in January. Terrible time. And I know. What do you know? Although people might maybe more people are in wind warming shelters. Oh, they're gone. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And they're not here. Just a a follow-up. How many in if you could have a wish list, how many people would you like in your volunteer pool? Oh, that we know. Mean I feel people like So we can rely on someone existing network. Yeah. Yeah. That are we don't, like, ground build. From here. Really relying on some people who does really good work in the community already. We're very interested in And and if you get this CRM that you know, belts once, will could you use that as a tool next year as of the foundation? You I mean, theoretically, this is something that It's longitudinal. It's always. Throw it up with any And that's where me as epidemiologist will years health metrics, I can see where things are going to arrive. Right? So, like, with, like, COVID nineteen, all of a sudden, we get this really, very spike in respiratory. Right? That's what that email itself is what dependent on the Right? virus. That's what's triggered the end of the respondent first. That's what's the first left. We're not a masking thing until it was called pandemic by the w It's this working, we help those people going through that. How can we improve their health? Alright. So have you looked at the CDC's account to see that they have an R library that's literally for syndromic surveillance programs. Yeah. And if you also looked at the Python library, that they also have? I haven't looked at the Python. I've looked through the So what is what is not good about the R1 they need? Getting instances? Well, that's to limited time and stepping I run many programs. Yeah. I haven't had time to dig into them. Okay. So that's So you've looked at it, but you haven't I'm not So so ideally, we'd be in a situation where in in designing the road grades, this would be two examples of resources that are national standardized methods right, that are used that we can use as libraries so we can actually start to set up a system. Yeah. It's using that and then maybe look at enhancing That's a great point. How much do you guys know about the road? What the Actually, Does somebody want to some Any do wanna get triggered and do it? No. No. I mean, I would you should probably do it because it's has more to do with, like, overall mission. Well, I mean, hello. We are here on a concentration of o two are the developers and the people who have some capabilities. Right? And we talk a lot about craft. About building But but we also care a lot about our Right? So the idea here is that we want to and we did one. So far. And it came out of any of three. local stuff. Let high level low. And we have people who are developing, and we may have other action or Right? And so idea being is we wanna understand the surface area of the process. Right? And where are the most acute points of leverage in you see? We don't wanna know what this tool, the we should build is. Even though some of that might be quite obvious. As we would discussing. But the idea is that we wanna to demonstrate the kind of mob creativity with our tools on the problem space. We we our something related. But idea is we also how we can move faster. Fix things. So think with this next one, we did what we talked about. Is more than the last one, as we have to go through the opening proceed. The ceremonies were where we hear from the stakeholders. Different teams that are maybe focused on different parts of the of the problem. Right? And it's gonna be talked about a number of different parts, right, ranging from just normalizing data to with the socio cultural dynamic that we're working on, how might we solve the reticence of people to to share information. Two, how do we make use of information now? Like there's a there's a there's a surface area here, and that's actually a feature not a for us. Okay. And so that's the high level what we're gonna do, and then we present with each of the teams comes up what back. After the forty eight hours. We present with some and to the after community. And this time, I think we're gonna do some proper winners. Well, I I just wanna add one other thing that we learned from the last one is we wanna make sure that there's an owner of what we do after the fact. And so having said that, I think it's really important to understand the tools that y'all have, what you're comfortable with. So we're building into your user experience, so to speak. Right? The right way. Because we don't wanna make something that's like, shit. All you have to do ways. Right? And you're like, what the fuck, dude? Like, you know, so I think it's kind of important for us to be like, okay. These are the tools that you have. And, also, this is a unique circumstance because the last one we did was privately owned data. That's seeking grants, whereas this is literally a county oriented like, agency. Right? And y'all are resource constrained in completely different ways. That like startups, people like we totally empathize with. Like, we will turn a piece of paper into, a cup. No problem. You know? K. So so I just wanna kinda put that bug in your ear around when we're thinking about what it is that we're building. That we wanna make sure that when it's done, it's not we don't want a narrative of, like, look. White rabbit can make really cool shit, and then it just looks like it's cool shit. It never does Yeah. Right? Like, that's that's the fallacy pactapons. Is there about instant gratification, and what can you do acting like you're a 21 year old again like, staying up for forty eight hours versus the reason we're a road raise is like inspired the term's inspired by barn raises, right, of people coming together. So community to help to raise them. And so just wanna put that bug in everyone's a year of life. Whatever it is we build, there's gonna be an owner of it after the fact that tied back to y'all. We wanna make sure that it's also something that you'd have some of which, whatever it is you select, you would actually be able to use it. Gonna propose what if there was some kind of social media ish aspect to this where there was a application or website where we could widely advertise a link? And try to get members of the community to go to the label and fill out any information. Information they have about people who have about Same. People like to stand. Yeah. Issue like spam. Yeah. Be useful. Right? You're actually To Can somebody push that? Thing right there? The beeping is freaking me up. Just Thank you. So you know, But yeah, we saw about who the the winner be the primary it. That's That's it. That's the one. And kinda like speaking with to the whole concept of, like, where we're going where needs to be I just wanna make really clear that to there's a lot of ideas, but I'd love to hear you. Your goals. Two sentences. Okay. That was one. That's two. Any Tell the accurate story. We use that data to actually open It's too broad, but I love people love Some problems on Some problems job. Scale. That's why I'm here. It's been hard. When probably I test this better than I It's hard out there. So we're any help we get that can move that needle just the air especially things. it seems like some of your ass is falling into three different buckets for me just to get more a little more tactical. K. It's one, processing the data you have and the other obvious one is that point in time, if we can make that better at all. Then there's that other one, which is adding more data. To the data you have, maybe through people who are serving meals or doing the syringe exchange. Like, that's probably data that isn't doesn't exist in that dataset right now. Right? So that could be added. A way that we could figure out. And then I'm curious if the those are the three buckets, you know, let us know. I'm also curious about on a national level, who's had the most success and is in New Mexico, are there others who have, like, used the CDC code And what challenges do they have as well? Like is it really working perfectly in New Mexico or not? Yeah. I mean, like, can alluded to you before, so, like, with those like Which which is the three? So the The middle? Taken that have To the of this program, they seem to be having pretty research project see that their numbers are way higher than You'll what their one time count was. Is it gonna be perfect to know? Is it actually too soon. Finding it I know if anyone else is specifically using this the way they are. This pretty cutting edge for public health. Using surveillance in this way. Z codes are so far not priced. Programs. Yeah. Do you think they're having issues because of data duplication? Yes. That is one of the biggest hurdles. I've been talking to this team is just figuring out how to I was just gonna explore a little bit more if you write your blue sky idea would be if you had no budget no time constraints. I mean, what would be the most amazing thing? To do? I mean, what would you ideally to do. See? And have Pit cover tool that's things. So I'm shutting light on any process and how that looks. So it's, like, literally didn't happen this year. No weird. So do you need a sign up tool? Is that what you're getting? Access. They don't have much going on there in a day. Right. And take agents your friends. Talk to the the people that you know, and then you can there's your What what did you think? Extending off of that, what if, like, you got them a bus pass? Like there's some type of incentive. Yeah. That's Right? Yeah. I mean, there's some some rewards, the use gratification. Shocks and how often just having that first we're level set. Like I said, methodology being used right now, the unclear. It's inconsistent. The that you had really good have been broken? And And people like, have no worries. So we're going to Yeah. Right. So that is something Do you and not that this is your job, but that it's a part of No. Just people who are working in the Department of Public Health show up the city's council meetings to discuss this, not just for perspective. But just from like I'm a community member, and this is what I'm seeing. How often are the have positions authority in power showing up and, like, speaking on that on behalf two health build trust not from a professional perspective, I get that. Yep. But you can still show if your face is something that they're to seeing. Oh, they're coming to the city council. Meetings. Oh, they're talking about it on Facebook. This is their job. Because that's how they affect change. But this is also just like they are and what they give a fuck about. So I can speak to them honestly. And I can come to them. Creating avenues people to advocate for themselves. Is key. Yeah. And literally every every time you're dealing with from powerless what you need to do is give them to for them. Themselves. Right. It does not feel good to have people speaking on your behalf on because nobody wants to hear what you have to say. I just feel like I what you do is so important, and it's key. But it but there's nothing in it for them. You get all the benefit for them. Do, and there's nothing in it. So so I'll which is that know, my I I'm out working so hard. Right? And and so I have the I've you know, for the years that I've been just like I do at So if you're gonna come work from your He made sure that I my power was Right? Like Right. My Yeah. What I will say, though, is the reason we need the first data right, the reason we need that first data that first data to work is so we can get to make the second data the way that we want them. The way get those phones. Or those kiosks or whatever that's gonna look like. Like. We need to get reliable data driven, information that people can be that work. So that we can say, hey. We can bless you to got a great method. That's been developed. Just ditch real quick. I just want I just wanted to clarify. So sound are as well. The first bucket is cleaning up data. Yeah. Second is same as third bug. Just wanna make sure. Also just a point, kills can't two two questions. The first question is, syndromic surveillance. And I think you do have to use term. So I'm gonna keep using it. Because when we when we bow to the graces of Jeremy Bentham's terminologies being reappropriated in epidemiology, of the biggest fucking problems is is that we aren't willing because we're scared of the term tracking and surveillance, That's why we have RFJK junior bullshit brain warn narratives have gutted the CDC and the HHS from actually doing tracking. Right? Like, that's literally why those hacks not happening. But question for you, syndromic surveillance you can use this technology beyond the boundaries of simply how how's this Yeah. Have have you considered what other applications that you might want to do with that data? Because I feel like part of the bigger narrative is hey. We're dipping our toe into syndromic into this this methodology. We're setting up these tools first It creates and garners confidence around data narrative generation Right? For data storytelling, around we have a confident method because we're using these API endpoints to the our counties. So the first part of this question is, a, are you using this data currently for anything? That has already established the confidence or b, if you're not, what would you wanna use it for besides how so is? Yeah. The one area I do use is is around heat related or around summer months. Around that To that point, where you're like, okay. It's limited. What when you're at the What's that? I wanna know where they are. Okay. How many we're seeing in that area? Is there anything else? And meaning, like, is it connecting to other Alright. You looking for out he's looking for outbreak time. Right? Like, that's his whole job is proliferation. So being able to link so there's a like, a bunch of people saying, like, heat. Like, isn't just gonna pop or power go out? Did Well Is it is there any Say it. Is COVID just outbreaking by There But you can also be able to see bad batches signal. Because different types of overdoses Like, there are other different factions of the thing. Right? Like, the power they actually get to look at this stuff. Right? And that that's an area that I wanna go. Work over into is around ventinol and other avoid use. Right. Because that's one of the biggest federally funded initiatives right now. That they're still putting money behind. Right? Like, Doug Bergens wife. Is a of she's been RFK's number two It's actually looking at a new recovery driven program. It's it's trying to give federal and federal funds to state state county. They ties sniper. there any like, people are in contact with the helpless on a daily basis, and it seems like that data could augment the data you already have. Like, is there any collaboration between all of the agencies and people where we could I know there's HIPAA and all the security stuff and all of it. But Yeah. So I'm on a lot of a lot of those committees and image and whatnot. And there's not one organization that's sees it. Follow It's you know, they're not a model. Right? Like, they have all very different needs. and some are just you know, out there, have been lifers. Some have mental health Right? So you know, if they're gonna and they're saying I'm not gonna see them. Like, that's somebody all time, but we're not all seeing not if you help could validate your data, that would be it. Ways a way to to to use all those different organizations as long as you're being able to scrub the data for for duke use. Like, if we have this dataset that's not biased not in pockets. It's the best net we can throw. Is capture A place where everyone can comes in the table and have a conversation. How do we actually connect? All the things we're doing and have what we actually intervene in what we're seeing. It's actually super smart because you have the syndromic surveillance data is be an overcount. Right. And so it'll actually fiscally incentivize allocations for a down for a physical count for a down Yeah. Right? There's ways where the narrative crappy goes back into that. Actually becomes really important Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. That's fucking true though. Right? Because like Yeah. What? We don't have 800 people that are in here, like, I don't know. I don't know. Should we I mean Throw some cheese at it. Let's find out. The other thing is that there's I mean, I'm assuming we'll find we'll wanna know more. What is the one thing 10 things What that wonder if she should oh, go ahead. I was just gonna say maybe we should talk about what we expect from them. For the day of the weekend of. To give them some more input. That was so I was changing topic, but go ahead. The data is Well, I really see it ultimate I mean, I think one of things which I just mentioned is that I think it will full I think he will be stunned. Honestly. With a real I don't And that will make us harder. To work together. To try to figure out where to go I think that's one thing. With that political lever. Yeah. Where the actual commissioners or a state rep or whatever it is. They're coming here. The better we can make that story more More likely. Favorites. So everybody Yeah. Yeah. I think we're Yeah. It feels safe with Made something work. Like flat. We have the highest debt suicide rate. We have we have the we are four We're in the Alabama of the We are the you're kinda getting at, but I would flip it. Is, hey. It is that bad here. And we now have the confidence in the data to prove why the resources are not being accurately allocated. Yeah. And they how this has been solidified. Yeah. And then it rollover reset away and have it be count. Right? And we really look at things I actually think that it's it's an empathy generating moment. Yeah. I agree. And I hear oh, I'm sorry. I just looked at opportunity. Sorry, John. I also wanna say it just has my little plug here. If you haven't been tested for hepatitis C or HIV in the last year or two, get that done. Okay? Because we're also way up there in the in The States. And our reader also, And Thank you so much. Okay. Digital case studies or case case files. Right. And they least last time I talked to them, they were sharing files And I love the idea of getting jump starts or head starts on projects. Do would those guys give you their databases? That's a great question. It depends on what they're using it for and, like, how But can we flip that? Like can't we invite them to be the third panelist judge and then bring their data in? In? I mean, then then it's not between your dogs and your know, us are in the future. We'll see Graham. Between Of actually go building the team to go out to do Three counts. Okay. So they are not on nonprofit that's responsible for like, the nonprofit which is this very ephemorous thing right now, has put them in charge of doing the one two three counts and and they're like, we don't fight. The way that you're doing this. We're not going to be asking you to do this again, or we're not sure we're gonna be asking you It's not the county. It a nonprofit. Yeah. We cannot remember the name of the nonprofit because they are very Can we can we get a map of that? Because that'd be really important. Yeah. Could do some on that. That, and that's a different part of the That is very that's Yeah. bringing access to the table in this be Say my plan is once we have our experience, let's say, to Yes. Organize and know what the situation is. approach access. So so, Erin, to get back to part of your question, it seems like we're thinking about the outline of objectives, we wanna have groups that are focused on this syndromic surveillance data. Because they have to have six that. Be able to unlock any of the other like, we could make it dope pits. Projects. For sure. As soon as the products, but it fucking matter. If they are able to say, hey. This is found out our account is 1,400. We'd like to get some budgeting that's for a thousand dollars where the bus passes. That we're gonna give to volunteers the volunteers are actually gonna be people that And how do you experience it? Right. With the Right. So that you see what I'm trying to get at. So it's like there has to be tiered. It's on it's not tiered. Right? But it's, like, if we look at the project, it's linear. And who decides to focus on immediate need versus longer term need? That might not be tied back to data needs to be tied back to data to warrant why there's actual grant allocations to it. It. The calendar's K. Something I like. And person to person cell phone or kiosk. Is story person collection. You mentioned how bad there was a to speak, or a board that was just stories from homeless each of the cities. Yeah. Where nobody else to What's the name of the old signs on houses that you walk by. That's a bad motherfucker. Don't stop there. Right? Like, some It's Oh, yeah. Mobile highways. Yeah. It's Yeah. But that's, like, that's perfectly so can Well, I know that Abraham is working on something Here's an exhibit at Science Works right now. I helped him with the e n. He's gonna have a little documentary. I mean, and they would like to be heard. They just don't trust anybody. And they get really, really Being like, how did you wind up here about that? And then so there's time for Yeah. Bleeding myself open for everybody to, like, go at my wound. Later. But, like, for right now, can you Right. Thinking the competing narrative, like, before this meeting y'all, like, my idea was actually just to make a mock website. Like a sarcastic website of the Cicero Institute. Because fuck Joe Wonsdale a piece of shit. And those people, like, straight up, And I think that's another example of just, like, why can't we just problematize everything that this person is completely manufactured as circulated talking points to Republic candidates to run on E. Homelessness campaigns it's all coming from the same studies. The Cicero Institute produced, and they're not they have no data behind them. Right? Like, so there's ways where you can punch holes right through that. Well, they're not real concerns because of your concern They are concerned. Disinfection and your concern. Then the the equal concern even 33% of people that are soccer moms doing it, don't fare because people addiction. But see You can't out Respectfully, that's like, that's not what this group is doing. K? Oh, great. So Joe Lonsdale is the cofounder of Palantir. And they're literally using fear as a population control mechanic and they're using it tied to otherism Right? Yeah. Yeah. That that straight up, like, I stung close to the the sun on this one y'all. Coming from Austin. Right? Fucking know the dude. Yeah. So there's a different angle, and I agree with you, but, like, storytelling is super important. Like, if you have this empathetic first person narrative that happens on one side, but then you have an institutionalized, sanitized, quantitative driven narrative on the other side, you're literally doing with the bicameral mind of your narratives are only appealing to the populous is already empathetic. You're not converting anybody. Right? And so you have to figure out ways where the we also have narratives that are trying to call into question the of the left brain. Person, right, the fact oriented person that ties back into this you're data driven? Well, your data is based off of this piece of shit's work. Like, you know? Because I mean the the entire grant's past homelessness issue that became a Supreme Court precedent. Right? That was literally all funded by the Sisra Institute. So there's, like, roots in a bunch of that stuff that tie back up to you. I'm so glad you're not a super villain. Because Call him. An anti an anti super villain. So we need to wrap it up. But I to say one thing myself, and then I wanna allow you to say whatever you need at the end. I think there's two two virtues that we can be working towards here. We all want to find ways to serve the humanity of the that are struggling in our communities. And pull letters from the data But I think we also we have the the the absolute virtue of the truth. And that's one of the things that we need as a starting foundation. What is real? What is the actual you know, as close as we can get to serving that objective, Right? What is real? What is true? Mhmm. Because all of the levers that we can pull and all the surface that we imagine and wanna do is going to be influenced by having real data And, yes, people will lie about it no matter how close we get. But we we can serve that. In addition to the other objectives of that that we all either share or have a diversity of ways that we would serve that So yeah. Could I add one thing just that I wanna when we did the plant one, a big issue came up around, like, who we were inviting and who the stakeholders were. And so I feel like we might have a we're talking a lot about data, and I think that is gonna unlock a lot. But there's also maybe a little bit of a gap here for like, what is in it for this population? And are they gonna be represented at during the weekends, and will they get to be there and speak? Will somebody Yeah. You know, from them come and speak? And so that was kinda what I wanted to bring up is we had a group of people speak before the event, and I think it was helpful both to make them feel really heard. And Charisse tried to get different people from the community, because I think it's soon as people here were doing this project, even when I've mentioned it to people, they're like, well, who's gonna come and speak? Are the stakeholders? What about them? So I think just to kinda head some of that off. And a lot of your points that you're bringing up, like, I still kind of feel a gap of what's in it for them? What what are the incentives? I don't feel like we have a great understanding of that piece. So what who can we get there? How can we be better informed? I mean, for the that's a great And maybe for a circle. What do say? Oh, the road rays? Well, if it really is only data, do we, like admission focus or But I was actually talking about, like, the mission of And And I think from the admission of this is to put it into the truth of what 's Right now, it's not the way we're doing it. Is lost. It's not helping anyone. It's burning interest. It's It's not gonna do washing my We're very do you think that with what I feel like what Annie is saying has a lot of merit in terms of yes, we can talk to the end user that's evaluating data, which gonna be you. Or somebody like yourself that's helping write But then you have this other side of it. It's like, hey. We're gonna go do a pit count, and we're saying this is the survey that we expect homeless people to fill out. Without actually asking homeless people what do they wanna fill out? That kinda what you're getting at? So It was whatever it is. Yeah. We might build something beautiful that nobody will use. Yeah. No. But that's but, see, this is in the past raises the past rays the important part, the significance of it is you having stakeholders that represent the different user experiences. So then when we're getting judged at the end of it, you have somebody being like, that was cool. I'm not gonna fucking use that. I like this part, but that part's not real. Right? Like, people being able to together on the evaluation side because it also I think it'd be a really good come to Jesus moment for all of us when we're sitting there talking with somebody with because that's the biggest problem with technologists is, like, we have a vision of what we want the user to be. Mhmm. And, oh, the user just has to do this. Like, 27 clicks later and they clock down. And I was like, what the fuck? Fuck? All I wanted to do was hit the space bar. You know? Like, I think there's something there to that that you bring to attention that would be good for all of us too to have any engaging moments right, instead of being privileged around, like, oh, somebody's got access to a cell phone. Like, why wouldn't they have access to a cell phone? You know? It's like They don't. Because they don't. Right. Yeah. One of my favorite moments at, like the gathering that I host about year ago. It was a bunch of people in Ashley, really lovely people in and they want to be helpful. And they're talking about how we can get more food out to the community And this lady is like, oh, what about, like, the little peanut packs? The vibing the bulk? And one of the was like who's gonna eat? Peanuts? We don't have teeth. You they don't have access. They can't go to a dentist. They eat soft food. So you're right. So it's like intention That's gorgeous. The eat them. Stop bringing carrots and celery. They can't chew on that. It's and not all of them obviously. Never get that in these injections. That's what I mean. Like, you don't think So, honestly, today, who's gonna eat it? We don't have teeth. Because she also knew the conversation was not about her She was not invited in the fact that people were talking about her, nobody was talking to her. Right? And so it a lot of layers to it, but we don't know until we are letting them talk. And so we're saying, oh, no. No. You have the floor. We're all here to we're not inviting you into this. You are inviting us to your space, and we're willing to listen. It has to be there has to be a position where it's like, you're the authority here, and we'd love to hear what you have to say. Still feels like two different tools, two different Yeah. Yeah. Two Then there's the pit. Feels like Yeah. Yeah. You can't get to pit. Until you get the cash The cash requires the data. The mobile app. Gotta work offline. Too. Yeah. Right. And a web based dashboard. That why does that have to work offline? Well, because Because when you're doing that Well Coverage. Yeah. Right now, I said Right. So then you would just have, like, a small data bank. So you have connectivity. It would just have that kinda Yeah. Yeah. It's a soft But, yeah, I think that the I think But, I'm a good person. Good chat with the I'm sorry. What what services do you use? When you go and you do your API calls, is it on Excel spreadsheet or what how are you doing? In a terminal or what? Yeah. There's a terminal. Let's see. Runs and then I get it. Alright. So you have an API with your your your code. Your ID and your token or whatever, your credentials. And then you pull that down, and then it goes into Excel. Yes. When you when you pull, are you picking the parameters of the date ranges? Yes. So I I have could you do a live integration? Do they have true API integrations? That's a really good question. Been trying to get that as a question. Well, I it's I it keeps changing. He has a lot of Right. Clay tablet Actually, think of me fascinating. To do a public based community drive of people to give their old smartphone because people have as an e wise type of alternative, because people have old phones. And if you were to run around with like Less let all of this genius stoop Yeah. The other thing is is we have Service. Phone. They just need service. But you can get free services all over the place. Let's say a hotspot, and there's we can make a website that's like, hey, here's all the guests log ins. Sorry for it. What we've built. Yeah. Yeah. So But then So a little bit on Friday night. I just talked to And just talked to And being sure Okay. Yeah. I'm I'm sure she's going. Is there gonna be another Fair enough. I know. You have to have some boundaries somewhere. Yeah. You boundaries Information as I can need to be as busy as be busy am then. Done tonight. It's as And Everything's so fun. We will figure out what data sources we have access to. Yeah. You know, that's what So Thanks, guys. Annie. What was your name? Mason. Oh, yeah. I gotta I gotta end that. Just realized. I hope hopefully it picked up everybody. Know. Right? It's it's a band. My god. Advanced space. I'm just a walking merchandise. 